In the apology I'm using public IP version 4 addresses.
You can see a list of assigned IP version for addresses on Wikipedia.
The Sadrist bloc 8 8 8 0 belongs to level 3 15 belongs to HP and 17 belongs to Apple.
But we're going to use those address blocks in our network to simulate a BGP network running on the
Internet of configurator the topology with basic IP addressing.
So what we need to do here is configure BGP show IP interface brief shows us that with the addresses
configured on gigabit 0 0 0 on Rotto 1 and those loopback addresses configured on Grada one can write
a one paying Rodda too.
Yes it can.
So we have IP connectivity between Route 1 and router to router to also has a loopback address to configure
it of to to to to to to to and IP addresses configured on the ethernet interfaces.
The same is true 2:56 Lubeck address of 3.3 to 3.3 with IP addresses on Ethan and interfaces.
And lastly the same thing is configured for rotifer has a loopback address configured as well as an
IP address on the gigabit interface.
So lets configure BGP in global configuration mode router BGP.
We need to specify an autonomous system number you know example it's 65000 and 1.
Now unlike IGP such as Eli GOP and always P.F. we have to manually configure a neighbor relationships
in BGP in BGP we use the concept just because I want to be your neighbor it doesn't mean that you want
to be my neighbor.
So both sides need to be configured statically with the IP address of the neighbor to form neighbor
relationships with.
We then need to specify the remote autonomous system which in this example is 65000 too.
So that's how you configure neighbor relationships and BGP.
We can then advertise networks so network and specify and network.
Now this is a really important.
You need to specify a mosque.
This is not an inverse mosque.
This is a mosque based on the route in the writing table.
So show IP wrote shows us that we have a slash 32 network directly connected that's the IP address configured
on Lubec 0.
So show run shows us that this IP address is configured on the loopback and it appears in the writing
table as follows.
That means that when we configure BGP we must configure BGP with the correct IP address and mask in
exactly the same way as it appears in the writing table.
Slash 32 mosque.
So we use a slash 32 mosque here.
So let's advertise
network 8 8 8 8 0 with the mosque for that network.
Notice its not an inverse mosque.
It's a stented mosque.
Again that's based on this information as shown in the writing table.
So that's how you configure basic BGP.
You specify your autonomous system number you specify your neighbor with the autonomous system number
and then you advertise Rantz into the BGP writing table.